[
    "Took my 24 year old daughter to the ER with abdominal pain this am. Within two hours they had her diagnosed with appendicitis and ready for surgery. The staff is truly amazing. Besides so very warm and caring starting with staff MDs, Dr Clark, anesthesiologist and Dr. Carey and also nurses Jessica and recovery nurse carol just the best!! I should know I'm a nurse by trade. Should you need care this is the place! Thanks Sharp for everything! Candie",
    "I was a patient at Sharp Memorial Hospital, I was there for surgery and really enjoyed my stay. I had a 6am check-in and the checkin in process was very fast and efficient. I was taken back to the triage area where I was checked in. During that time frame I met with my doctor and anesthesiologist. I was also prepped for my surgery during that time frame as well. Once I made it to my room I met my Nurse Natalie, who assisted me during the day. Natalie was extremely nice and took the time out to explain every little thing to me. During the night shift my nurse was Philip and he was extremely nice as well. It seemed as if the night shift was the busiest for the nurses, but he was very attentive. I had an IV that my body was rejecting in my arm. I let the nurse know and he took care of it and had the IV placed in my hand. No issues there! While being on my back all day, I developed a pinched nerve. Due to the pain medication I was on, it wouldn't have been ideal for me to take my muscle relaxer. I informed Philip that my back was hurting me and he was able to get me a heating pad. The heating pad made sleeping through the night bearable. I also met two nurses that assisted with setting up my shower before I was discharged. They were also very nice. Juanita was in charge of taking lunch orders. I'm not sure of Jaunita's title, but she was delightful and funny as well. Despite being in pain from surgery, I enjoyed my visit at Sharp Memorial Hospital. I felt and I knew I was in good hands with the staff and the doctors.",
    "We live in Las Vegas but it was necessary for us to have a surgical procedure performed in San Diego at Sharp Memorial. From the time we walked in the door, our experience exceeded all expectations. The staff was helpful, friendly, and professional. The hospital was beautiful with a clean, uplifting, inviting atmosphere. Everyone from the cafe employee to the RN was so kind and very professional. We especially appreciate Chris, Michelle, Carol, Bethel, Albert, and Brandon (RNs, recovery, transport), and of course, our anesthesiologist and Dr. Dente. The care we received was excellent. Everything was according to schedule, and throughout the whole experience, the staff took great care of us; extremely attentive, positive, reassuring, available, and happy to assist. Everyone seemed very happy to work there; no one seemed stressed, overwhelmed, or grumpy (we know hospitals can be very high-stress environments with heavy workloads). The procedure went quickly, smoothly, and was successful. We are grateful for the excellent care we received at Sharp Memorial, and we will never forget your kindness.",
    "This is definitely a FIVE star hospital. From the very beginning with the pre-op team including Dr. Correy the anesthesiologist who was empathetic and spoke clearly to ensure our understanding to the nurse who cares for keeping the family updated during surgery, the RNs who were looking after us (they were so patient and conscious of the middle of the night check-ins with vitals), the food ladies that came by to take the order, the clean facility with single bed rooms (amazing), the warmer for the gowns and of course the surgeon Dr. Maurer who was also patient, answered all questions without feeling rushed, came by every morning as he said he would. I couldn't say enough about the whole experience.",
    "He was then moved to the 7th floor where we met Kevin, Hannah and last but not least the magnificent Laura. The care provided was top-notch, and we felt well looked after.",
    "After my surgery, I was transferred to the 7th floor where we met Kevin, Hannah and last but not least the magnificent Laura. They made a tough experience much easier for me.",
    "Post-surgery, I was fortunate to meet Kevin, Hannah and last but not least the magnificent Laura on the 7th floor. Their support was invaluable.",
    "On the 7th floor, we met Kevin, Hannah and last but not least the magnificent Laura. They truly made a difference during my recovery.",
    "Being moved to the 7th floor was a blessing as we met Kevin, Hannah and last but not least the magnificent Laura, who helped us through the process.",
    "When you're scared and vulnerable, having the helping people around you be warm, compassionate, gentle and reassuring is so appreciated! I felt safe and cared for during my stay.",
    "This hospital made all the difference when I was feeling scared and vulnerable. The staff was warm, compassionate, and truly caring!",
    "Being in the hospital can be daunting. When you're scared and vulnerable, having the helping people around you be warm, compassionate, gentle and reassuring is so appreciated!",
    "I cannot thank the staff enough. When you're scared and vulnerable, having the helping people around you be warm, compassionate, gentle and reassuring is so appreciated!",
    "During my surgery, I felt scared and vulnerable, but the staff made sure I was comfortable. Their warm, compassionate care was truly appreciated!",
    "Feeling scared and vulnerable is tough, but the warmth and compassion from the nurses made all the difference in my recovery!",
    "When you're scared and vulnerable, having the helping people around you be warm, compassionate, gentle and reassuring is so appreciated! I felt so supported.",
    "In a tough situation, I felt scared and vulnerable, but the staff were warm, compassionate, gentle, and reassuring. I couldn't have asked for better care!",
    "The Sharp Hospital experience is always positive. I mean, although you're not going to get the same emergency doctor every visit but no they're qualified to do their job and help in the best way they possibly can.... Brittany. You are beyond a professional within your career. I remember you well.",
    "My husband experienced a medical emergency last week. These doctors and nurses were amazing. They acted quick and within minutes had performed so many critical tests. The level of care he received was amazing. Thank you from the bottom of our hearts!!",
    "I just spent three nights at Sharp Memorial on Frost Street for a surgery to replace the hardware after a tib/fib fracture. The staff were all friendly and professional, and made my stay relaxing and comfortable.",
    "This place was a true godsend. They saved my life and brought me back to health. The ICU staff (especially the nurses) were such wonderful caring people and did everything they could to make sure I stayed alive and comfortable.",
    "Filing a medical complaint to the California medical board against sharp Rees stealy. This complaint is against medical gaslighting and the refusal to do further testing on my symptoms.",
    "Unbelievable my mother's had two heart surgeries within 35 days here, she is now on chemo because she has leukemia. She was unresponsive so I had an ambulance bring her to this hospital who can't find a bed for her in a 2-hour time frame.",
    "The doctor walked into my room and said 'I can’t help you. What do you want?' I waited all day for that doctor to write me a prescription that doesn’t even exist anymore.",
    "Sharp memorial is and has been a nightmare in my life. It's the worst ER, besides sharp Chula, but I really had to go in with a positive attitude for my last two back surgeries (spinal fusion).",
    "Emily the 'RN' who was working on 3/5/2024 night shift was the WORST. I had to keep alarms on my phone to remind her when to give me my medication. She told me if she forgets just beep her. Ummm That’s not my job.",
    "Husband came to the ER here recently with a broken leg and was treated with compassion and empathy. A NIGHT AND DAY EXPERIENCE compared to the way we were treated after the subsequent orthopedic surgery at UCSD.",
    "I stayed at Sharp Memorial for 32 days and it was an amazing experience (despite my diagnosis). The care team all the way from the Admins, Nurses, Support Staff, and Doctors have all been wonderful.",
    "My name is Marcelo Machado and this place is beyond amazing! Doctors, staff, most nurses, RNs, food staff, kitchen, cleaning crew...",
    "When you're scared and vulnerable, having the helping people around you be warm, compassionate, gentle and reassuring is so appreciated!",
    "He was then moved to the 7th floor where we met Kevin, Hannah, and last but not least the magnificent Laura."
]
